hey guys toradora here and look what we
have today nightmare foxy the pirate
I've been waiting for an image of foxy
to be revealed in scott cawthon website
all week and I'll starting to get
worried that he wasn't going to release
one at all so to finally see this in all
its creepy gloriousness is just awesome
so taking a closer look at foxy what do
we see he still has most of the
signature features the hook in place of
a hand pointy sharp teeth and part of
his suit damaged and missing nothing too
special there but what's with the weird
bendy metal tongue well given the fact
Fox seems already the most fierce and
looking out of the four animatronics
what would the hook the Nashes and the
damage to his body Scott had to come up
with that little bit extra to make foxy
stand out amongst the other nightmares
and I think he did a good job in doing
so this also ties in well with the
nightmare element the game seems to be
based on speaking of which if we take
proxies image and brighten it up do we
see the same way we did in the previous
three images well it's difficult to say
the letters here is so faint that it's
hard to make out what's written at all
now I assumed this would say nightmare
as it did in the previous images but the
word is too long and the last letter
looks more like an hour rather than an e
also if we zoom in on Foxy's teeth and
darken the image tad the word nightmare
can be found here instead but then what
does the longer would say unless I'm
completely off the last few letters look
like our d e and another are at first
the only word ending like that I could
think of was murder but that doesn't
account for the rest of the letters then
it suddenly hit me what if it's not a
long word but a phrase do you guys
happen to remember what was written on
the sign outside a pirate Cove sorry out
of order whether this has any
significance the game or it's just
something Scott through and to keep us
busy I don't know but the fact the other
animatronics didn't have anything like
this hidden away in the images leaves me
pondering the last thing I wanted to
show you is to do with Fox's eyes if we
zoom right in and darken the image a lot
certainly becomes visible only in his
right eye the numbers eight and seven
once again and other reference to the
bite of 87 now if we put all these
elements together it's got actually
telling us who caused the bite think
about it the word
nightmare was hidden not only in the
detail the image but writing Fox his
teeth and what two teeth do they bite
things we know the phrase out of order
was written on the sign outside a
pirate's cove and people have already
speculated in the past that the reason
for this was because Foxxy cause the
bite and of course the last clue being
the numbers in pok sees I as far as I
know none of the other images have those
numbers hidden anywhere this tells me
that foxy himself has a significant part
in the event other than that we can see
the same elements of the pictures we did
in the previous three we have the date
for the release Halloween of this year
as well as the phrase or me like I said
in my previous video on the rumors
circulating prime nights at freddy's 4
i'm assuming this question refers to the
bite of 87 however for all I know Scott
has deliberately placed these Clues to
throw us off the scent and there could
be something even more sinister going on
just have to wait and see anyway that's
enough theorizing for me I'd love to
hear your thoughts on what I found and
if you have any ideas your own don't
hesitate to comment and share thank you
for watching guys and I hope you have a
good day bye bye